Q: How did viewing a diff between two version of a file help you see
a bug that was introduced?

A: By seeing the two versions and what differed between them I was
able to narrow down my search to a few specific lines (the lines where
changes were introduced) and this greatly accelerated how quickly I
could find the error.

Q: How could having easy access to the entire history of a file 
make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?

A: The biggest advantage to version control I see is quickly being 
able to access a prior version that works if a newer version doesn't
and you're unsure exactly what makes it work. Version control could 
also help in making debugging easier (like seeing 'space' in the prior
 example). Version control could also allow you to see the development 
 of the code over time.

 Q:  What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when
 to creat a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically
 saved, like Google docs does?

A: By manually choosing when to commit each commit has a specific 
puspose and you have to mentally take a step back and say why you
are doing what you're doing, giving focus and direction to 
what it is you are doing. However, the manual system of google 
docs does have an advantage in that things will never get too
big, although if using commits right they shouldn't have an issue
either.

Q: Why do you think some version control system, like Git, allow 
saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, 
treat each file seperately?

A: I think this is because google docs has a broader userbase than git
and the users do not really think about version control. I also think
this reflects the type of files being dealt with. In google docs, 
files like words documents tend not to be related whereas git focuses
more on projects where several files are related.

Q: How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the
history of files?

A: You type in git log(after being inside a file folder) and it will 
show you a history of the commits to that file and then you can further
use diff to show what specific changes were made between commits. 

Q: How might using version control make you more confident to make
changes that could break something?

A: Much more confident as these changes are not a big deal if it's
possible to just revert to an earlier version.

Q: How do you want to use git?

A: For version control obviously, though I hear github is important too
though I do not know how.